feat(containerSample): add swap and storage metrics (#1936)
newrelic/docs-website: src/data-dictionary/events/ContainerSample/memorySwapOnlyUsageBytes.md

---
name: memorySwapOnlyUsageBytes
type: attribute
units: bytes (B)
events:
  - ContainerSample
---

> The amount of swap memory the container is using. This memory doesn't include non-swap memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of swap memory the container is using. This metric doesn't include non-swap memory.
```

> The amount of swap memory the container is using. This memory doesn't include non-swap memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of swap memory the container is using. This metric does not include non-swap memory.
```

Reviewer 2: we are okay with contractions, just a note
